from the pentagon this morning vice
president pence made it official calling
for the formation
of a new and exciting branch of the
united states military
now the time has come to write the next
great chapter
in the history of our armed forces to
prepare for the next battlefield
where america's best and bravest will be
called to deter and defeat a new
generation of threats
to our people to our nation the time has
come
to establish the united states space
force
that was not a scene from the movie that
was
that was real that's the the space force
is actually happening
they've got plans they're finding money
michael bay is on board to direct the
whole thing
this announcement was a big bone to
throw mike pence mike pence loves space
sometimes mother even lets him wear
rocket ship pajamas that's how much he
loves it
i watched this whole announcement this
morning and i was impressed by the fact
that mike pence was somehow able to make
an announcement about interspace warfare
boring
that's hard to do but i will admit he
did have his moments
today other nations are seeking to
disrupt our space-based systems and
challenge american supremacy in space
as never before our adversaries have
transformed space into a warfighting
domain already and the united states
will not
shrink from this challenge
[Applause]
[Music]
somehow mike pence is still the whitest
one up there
and of course no one is more excited
about this than darth trader donald
trump today he tweeted
this was a tweet today space force all
the way
i've been laughing about it all day i
keep thinking of it
that should be their slogan space force
all the way they're already working on a
logo for the space force in fact
the trump campaign sent an email to
their donors asking them to vote on a
possible space force logo
why they get to vote on it i don't know
but there are six options they sent
these two these two and these two
i think they let baron design these
because they look like the
logos on the uniforms of the aliens at
pizza planet in toy story
the logo the logo for the space force
should just be a picture of money being
shredded and thrown at the moon
what i have to say i will say
i respect president trump for taking
this joke as far as he has
he is really committed imagine if he did
this all
as a prank on mike pence just to get him
to announce it
there's no space force you idiot by the
way space force is not an original idea
we did some research we found out
there was a tv movie in the 70s on nbc
called space force look at
from this worse always johnny on the
spot
we're the space force and a sport
if you're asteroids
[Music]
on the spacecraft
that's right i hope fred got an ending
for that because that's
maybe that's where trump got the idea he
was a kid watching space force on nbc
what's going on hello come in space tour
come in earth this is earth this is
commander fred willard do you hear me
yes commander willard we hear you uh to
whom am i speaking
is this jay leno no no
jay retired this is jimmy kimmel oh
that's disappointing oh well
i'm sorry commander but are you
contacting us from space right now
i sure am as soon as i heard president
trump
was bringing the space force back i
re-enlisted oh that is
you know what that's very admirable well
i don't like to brag but yes it is
and i'll say the old uniform still fits
pretty good am i right
yes he doesn't spend too much time in
the weight room
so are you happy president trump brought
the space force back
you're done right i'm happy president
trump is going to make outer space great
again hey commander how exactly is he
planning to do that
well for starters we're building a big
beautiful space wall
and those filthy neptunians are going to
pay for it
hold on a second i don't know that's
it sounds it sounds a little bit
offensive the filthy next
offensive but what are you some kind of
sensitive little star flake
no i i just i just don't know why we
always need to go to that that's
probably
because your mommy hugged you too much
did you hear what i told him yeah
seriously uh jimmy we've got rockets on
loan from north korea
and we're gonna we're gonna blow any
planet who gives us golf
all the way back down to hell well okay
good luck with that commander well the
space force doesn't need luck jimmy
we're we're teaching these aliens
a lesson they will never forget the
united states of america means business
space business okay all right you know
if i could get closer to you i would i
think we've got to go the transmission
is breaking up
transmission looks fine to me clears it
now it's breaking up we it's very hard
for us to see you right now but thank
you commander willard for you
welcome jimmy and remember when there's
trouble in space
we're on the case thank you fred thank
you
[Applause]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel i hope you enjoyed
that video hit subscribe and all your
dreams will come true
assuming your dreams are to watch more
youtube videos